a brief moment in the heart of the war
zone where the Tran of Gaza can play
just like others their age
elsewhere we fled the war and taken
shelter in this school building today
we're very happy we had fun with clowns
and toys this school in Rafa is one of
many Sheltering Palestinians forced from
their
homes there filled with children trying
to escape the horrors of Israel's
Relentless attacks as the Israeli
military prepares for a ground offensive
in the city where they're seeking
Refuge our house was destroyed and we
were forced to leave today we had the
chance for some fun we played with our
friends and had a wonderful
time Israel's military assault on Gaza
is already having an unparalleled effect
on children not only do they account for
the majority of civilians killed many
survivors are severely
traumatized which some volunteers are
trying to help them
overcome we're a team of volunteers
trying to listen the suffering of our
children those who were displaced from
the north our charity has been active in
ra since 2017 this is our duty
especially at this dark time of
War for hundreds of thousands of
children across Gaza their wish is
simple I hope the war ends and we
continue to play like today more joy and
more happiness to
come Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer